refactor slash commands (#130)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/ext/commands/slash_commands.rst

    @bot.slash_command()
    async def example(
        inter: disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction,
        language: str = commands.Param(autocomplete=autocomp_langs)
    ):
        ...

Subcommands And Groups

> ++++++++++++++++++++++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------------------
```

.. note ::
    This is the deepest nesting available.

Injections

> ++++++++++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----------
```

> We have em, look at https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/blob/master/examples/slash_commands/injections.py for more info ✨s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have them, look at [this example](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/blob/master/examples/slash_commands/injections.py) for more information ✨s
```

I think that using `[]()` is quite a better way than only the link. Also, why shorten words? In my opinion, we should be more polite in the documentation.

Author: It's just a placeholder, I meant to force eq to write docs for em later.

Reviewer: Oh, alright
